alright good afternoon once again once
again to the Friday app review hopefully
this time coming to you with slightly
fewer video artifacts than ten minutes
ago so like I said today we're going to
have a look at some notes ads and notes
apps in the time we have remaining but
we're going to kick off by talking to
poor calf inventor of the cake droid and
find out a little bit more about that
product so you want to tell us a little
bit about cake droid pong sure guys
thanks for having me here and for the
opportunity to share this wonderful
little toy that we have back in January
we were at CES at the consumer
electronics show in vegas and as some of
what dev rollers do or sitting around
the table having some drinks sort of
talking and in brainstorming we had this
idea how do we have fun with using their
Android technology and one of my
favorite pastimes is brewing and
drinking beer nice so I am in my garage
kind of pulled together some parts and
pieces and started tinkering with it and
actually had the idea of building an
actual Android model to dispense my beer
and of course that would be enough just
to do that I've wanted it to do it
automatically absolutely what inspired
it that's great I so tell us a little
bit about the set up so we can say that
there's a think a motorola xoom on the
front of the cake droid there so so how
does that work what does what does that
bring to the equation well the idea is
that you know you really let people know
what beers available and so what I've
done with the zoom here is its kind of X
as a kiosk mode so it will tell you what
beers are available and that's actually
how you interact with the device so the
first thing you have to do is we
currently are using an NFC reader that's
connected to an Arduino that's inside
the body of the of the the Android and
then you have the android tablet what
you see now is a big banner on here
telling you to scan your badge I'm what
that's telling you to do is you need to
have an NFC badge of some kind you can
use the standard sticker kind it's just
got a tag number on it or what we're
having fun doing is using our
our voyage phones that have the NFC
built into it so as long as i unlock my
phone and hold it over the scanner
you'll see that it unlocks the tablet I
know you interact with it so the tablet
talks to Audrey no using a DK right
using a TK absolutely okay perfect and
so what so what happens when you were so
when you actually select a beer one of
one of the two options well what happens
then so does that still get controlled
by the zoom in the ATK yeah so now that
you're you're at this point you're
interacting with the Android application
on the zoom and when you tap on one of
the beers that are available you get a
drop-down menu and you can pick either
the size of beer or the size of poor by
default I have these set up for a 2 & 8
& a 12-ounce pour you can cancel your
interaction and it resets it or you've
actually selected the beer size that you
want and then when you select pour that
actually opens up it that sends a
message to the Arduino that then tells
they actually resets the flow meter and
it opens up a slim annoyed valve to
start the poor very nice so it's a
totally automated process at that point
you just scan your badge put your glass
underneath the spigot and wait for
delicious betta yeah I think it's better
than talking about it maybe I should
show you I think you should yeah
actually do you need a couple more
testers yeah now I will tell you that
dev rollers are totally wonderful
because I have no end of having when I
need teste done they're always there to
step up to the plate you're the fun
volunteers that's surprising people are
soft and so reluctant to test apps but
this one here gets it gets good lots of
good testing and we've made a lot of
good changes and we now know that we
have a lot more changes to make let's go
ahead and show you what this looks like
actually check it out beer so I'm going
to go ahead and open up the tap we just
keep these clothes so we know may
accidentally come find does anything but
when you open the tap nothing happens
because it's waiting for the solenoid
valve so i'm going to pick my 8 ounce
pour and I'm just holding my glass here
and I'll start pouring and what you're
going to see is a dialog pops up and it
actually shows you the progress of the
poor it's calibrated so if you do a 2x4
the dialogue there's a full glass for
two ounces if you pick 12 ounces it'll
it'll flow according to get a 12 ounce
for so it's fairly accurate so I click
forth and it starts pouring the beer you
see the dialogue going and then when
it's done it shuts off the valve so the
flow stops the dialogue disappears the
system resets and it's ready for the
next person the scanned imagine enjoy
the beer very nice right so uh said it I
mean that's that's a pretty awesome you
know use of evolve our technology have
you thought about what the next steps
might be about from different beers of
course yeah actually we you know this is
set up for two beers on one device in
what happens now if you think about it
you have two taps but you can only do
one at a time so if you actually have a
professional system you know each tap
should be independent and work that way
and right now it only you can do one at
a time so we're looking at the vote and
also this kiosk mode and this
interaction here is to me it's kind of
limiting it's a very closed system uh
put it this way it's kind of all
enclosed what I do actually do at this
moment is when I complete the
transaction I collect the data from I
know which which android you are on I
know which beer you picked and I know
which how much beer you you poured that
gets sent back to an app engine app and
I actually collect that data and for
google i/o at the after-hours party we
had three of these units with all
automated like this and I was collecting
the statistics and I can actually map
out on the floor where each Android was
I had adapt that we just highlight where
each Android the cake droid was at and
then how much how many beers have been
poured how many gallons have been foul
though it's just some fun statistics so
we want to kind of expand that even more
now or maybe you have an app on your
phone through a registration process you
get authorized to actually talk to the
Android or get a beer from the Android
and then when you you can order from it
you can find out what beers are on tap
call through your phone and then you
know kind of smooth the transition
process here at some point which gives
you a scalable system because we have
one of these in our Mountain View office
here we could have one in our London
office and if you go out there and
you're authorized to drink fernet
droid you know just order from your from
your app and walk up to it and get your
beer very nice so you could you can end
up having quite a sophisticated system
depending obviously on sort of the
distribution of cake droids but you can
have your favorite beers and be alerted
when there's a place nearby where kegged
reuters has exactly what you want to
drink on top exactly distributed to be
kind of fun to the things that you
you're not a normal user of it but maybe
one of your friends can give you a free
beer token this is hey you can have a
beer from this keg droid when you happen
to come by I thought we have all is all
you can drink in this office did that's
a dangerous system I think everything
needs to get approved by a bi Billy
right akiza can take it out you have see
that the cake boy doesn't open up office
hours until 4pm that's probably a very
wise idea but Billy will never approved
that why don't you try noon by the way
Paul I smell a Kickstarter project right
now mMmmm it wouldn't be the first
Android kickstarter project that's the
show right now hey Paul to date how many
gallons of beers have been served uh
well yeah that is what I know from IO is
that we had at least six hundred and
seventy pours the network there as many
of you guys know they have gone to
google i/o now the network is not always
that great so I think I missed a number
of transactions but I know at least 670
beers and everybody was selecting the
12-ounce pour so you can calculate how
the device is very cool so wait oh I
mean this this is this is a review show
so I feel like I need to dive into this
a little more are you saying that slowly
if you don't have internet connectivity
then you lose those transactions in the
current design yes and that's going to
be one of the first changes I make
absolutely what I'm going to do for the
next round as will have all the
transactions recorded locally on a
database and then have a service from
you in the background synchronizing that
database to to average excellent in fact
i have a google i/o talk which can give
you some hints s exactly how you can do
that really have to completely oh I see
my uh my mic is being disrespectful give
me one moment
hopefully that's a little bit better
excellent we've got a big Ian Lewis
behind the behind the producer controls
today making sure that we don't sound or
look terrible or at least not more so
than we normally would I resent that
adjective nonetheless okay Paul so I
guess thank you for forgiving us that
for taking the time and taking the
sacrifice of having to pour and drink
that beer before four o'clock I know
that's value hello I rest assured that
no beer was harmed in the testing there
was a lot of water that went to the
system first so that we didn't waste it
exeter it work when i came down to it
what I feel as part of the the Friday
review I would be remiss if I didn't ask
what are the two beers you have a one or
two BS that you have on tap today well
currently we have on tap is and what I'm
drinking here now is dogfish head 90
minute IPA and the other beer we have on
tap is from 21st amendment it is monks
blood which is a very interesting choice
Belgian ale strong Belgian l it looks
almost like a porter but not quite very
spicy very interesting you know Paul we
don't usually encourage people to
disturb us here in the studio when we're
recording but if if you do happen to be
passing by you know don't don't be
afraid to knock and deliver us something
I'll see if we'll see what happens
foreigners perfect alright thanks Paul
we uh we should probably move on cuz we
lost the video so uh thank you and by
congrats excellent alright so that was k
good ready for some milk tea let's have
a look at some no tipping apps but
before before we get too deeply into the
apps themselves I just want to do a
little bit of housekeeping this week so
I will do things a little bit different
so as many of you know we've sort of
been experimenting with the format's of
all about shows particularly the Friday
reviews both apps and games and so what
we're trying to do so the the point
behind what we're doing here is to try
and come up with ways to be able to
share with developers from some tips
that we come across when we look at
different apps so big part of what we do
on a daily basis is check out people's
apps provide feedback and
them some assistance to help make them
better so the Friday review is really
about trying to take that and share that
with you guys so when we're picking apps
we're looking for things which both are
really good which show a great example
of how to do things but also apps which
do some things wrong specifically so
that you guys can learn from those
mistakes and we can sort of tell you
guys all in one go and then hopefully a
lot of apps will be able to to benefit
from that so to try and make that
process a little bit more streamlined
you know we've always sort of used the
voting within moderator as something of
a guide to get an idea for what people
want rather than a strict ordering of
the apps that we're going to look at
we're going to take that a little bit
further now and we're going to try and
do this themed shows every week so this
week we're looking at notes next week
we're looking at news apps the week
after that podcasting apps and I think
the next scheduled beyond that is was it
can remember we decided i don't but
we'll see you remember find out yeah I
believe it's news followed by recipes
then pipe s was last okay so right size
up in application so if you have an app
in any of those three categories go to
the moderator page we will have links to
it on the event and in the Google+
stream after this follow Android
developers for the links and put them in
there and we will we will look at the
votes but to be perfectly honest we're
going to take a quick look at all of
those apps and try and find the ones
which are the most interesting or which
do interesting things or even just
things which we find we can use as
examples for everything else so by all
means vote but don't be offended if we
don't pick all of the apps specifically
based on those vote results all right so
enough housekeeping let's also look at
some apps why would it forgot so we've
got three and note-taking apps which
hopefully will get a chance to look at
notes well so you can probably read it
here notes notes and share note and
papyrus so let's let's get started with
notes and share open that up on first
two thumb joint all rights all right
perfect I go a little bit further over
excellent
okay so so this is an app which is using
sort of a non-standard style if you will
so it looks like they've gone with sort
of a you know your standard sort of
notebook like it could be a mall skyline
or something like that way you've got
your your your grid on the background in
order to take notes on top and so the
entire UI is based around that now the
there's two two things I want to
highlight here right off the bat is that
you've got your own sort of custom
header here for notes and share but then
there's still the application title bar
on top of that and so you know to me I
think that that sort of detract from it
so you've kind of got this full screen
experience you've got this really custom
UI you know go all the way there's no
need to have that extra title bar on top
so right off the bat I would say to to
hide that same with the year the menu
button so it's a menu button of shame so
let me just scroll this up here so
you've got a menu button but it doesn't
do anything so I would sir hello we have
some of pool 0 some conduct some testing
and we can do some emergencies testing
here a bit of the Friday games review on
the Friday review droid so we at least
need to taste so much irias retail
cheers ian that's not bad perfect okay
so moving on so we've got a menu button
a shame remove the menu button of shame
please it doesn't do anything so it
doesn't need to be on screen and
removing is really easy you just have to
set the target SDK level to anything
above 11 exactly yeah and so nothing
else will change you won't lose anything
else and particularly to this up it has
to be 15 15 interesting we'll have to
say 15 alright 15 15 it is in fact I
mean this is this is a good tip like for
the most part you'll be wanting to test
all of your apps against the latest
framework release and the target APK
target API should always be the latest
release which is in fact 16 these days
so soon as something like as soon as a
new release comes out you should really
make it a matter of priority to you know
open up a clips or IntelliJ or whatever
you're using to do your development and
test it out change the air the target
target SDK
to the maximum and see what changes
ideally nothing should for the most part
things should just continue to work the
same that they did once you have that
confidence then then you can you know
release it that way and then you'll get
to take advantage of things like the
more native look and feel and everything
will look and behave the way it should
on new devices so these days in
particular where we really want to see
people have a great experience on the
Nexus 7 and so we want you to target
that that latest SDK version and you
lose things like legacy menu buttons and
other things like that that are in
general make your apps look more modern
yeah exactly that's nice right you want
your app to how good is that you changed
like one number in your manifest file
and suddenly your app looks cleaner and
fresher more modern so kind of a
no-brainer right and the other thing I
want to point out is that the next thing
is the button that's right above them
but enough Sheen oh it's my button of
hate house exit ah the exit button
obviously what the exit button does
interesting now let me see what does the
back button do I see how those do
exactly the same thing one of them is
unnecessary and why bottom and you can
only get rid of one of these buttons so
now if you could choose between the exit
in the back button and maybe some sort
of decision you have to make did you
can't make that choice right the back
button will always be there so exit is
entirely redundant I have a very long
blog post in which I rant about this for
several pages if you're interested you
can check that out but for the most part
what it really all boils down to is that
there is no need to have an exit button
now there's a lot of people which will
argue with me they will you know point
out all the reasons why is a user they
want to have an exit button and I
understand where you're coming from the
thing to remember is it's totally
ambiguous because you as a user have no
idea what the developer has done to
implement that exit button so maybe it
does what you want maybe it turns off
all of the services removes all of the
alarms and exits the app or more likely
all it's going to do is call finish and
calling finish is exactly what happens
when you hit the back button on your
main activity so it's effectively doing
the same thing and the difference here
is a user is you don't know what it's
it's an ambiguous button it it doesn't
have any clear directive to know what's
actually half
so I'm going to stop ranting before I go
on no exit buttons all right let's have
a look at let's have a look some of the
functionality so take some notes yeah
indeed but again i'm going to interrupt
myself so half of these things so these
three bottom buttons are kind of
unnecessary to have on the main screen
so right here like I've opened this out
for the first time I have 36 was at nine
eight eight or nine different options
all of which I have to read and
understand before I'm out it yeah it's
like all i wanted i downloaded an app i
just want to take some notes and now i
need to read all these buttons to see
which of those is going to let me do
that you know text notes Hanno's audio
notes my usual things are just about or
help our chances are you going to use it
once in a lifetime of the application
exactly so this so your point is rato oh
it's the high dose buttons hardware
buttons yeah put them behind the menu
you know you can have you can have your
own sort of action bar sort of scenario
here so you've got your own custom
header up the top and I like that but it
wouldn't be nice to have like a menu
button sort of overflow menu sort of
over on the right there and you can hide
all of this stuff at least the bottom
two well the second bottom two and say
remove the exit button yeah probably
hide about it and help yeah exactly
exactly so okay so let's let's have a
look so okay one one thing I do want to
point out is right away is that so
they've used custom controls but you can
see here that they've actually
implemented the button behavior properly
big fan of this rap beats there are
snakes so you can see when it's pressed
and what thing you've pressed this is
fantastic a lot of people building
custom controls forget to implement
those state indicators and it makes a
huge difference so yeah this is this is
good I'm a fan of this right all right
text notes okay I wonder if they
implemented a focused state that's a
good question i'm not advise tested our
advisor so that's a good point actually
there's Fred makes is that one of the
things that you want to make sure you do
if you are doing States is have the
focus state so if you're navigating
through it using a d-pad or a TV yeah
we're vegetarians so there are
essentially three states really natural
normal
going to normal I think so no more
focused and you know pressed exactly so
make sure you do all of them so that it
and that helps for accessibility as well
so it's really it's really a good idea
all right so we're in the notes and we
can just start typing so again we're
using this nice I can't talk and type at
the same time all right nice so you can
see here move this down slightly we're
just basically using this this notepad
paradigm so things look like a notepad
which is interesting I think there's a
lot of debate over whether or not that's
sort of the best approach on mobile but
it's in keeping with the style of the
rest of their app right and it doesn't
seem to be slowing things down so I'd
say that's reasonable again I would say
you know this title bar here is somewhat
redundant you may want to have some sort
of action bar so that you can return to
home or have the overflow menu but
generally speaking just having the
standard one here makes it look out of
place that's like yeah and you'll
probably want to stick your logo in the
action bar to excess of your brand
identity so that's rhino hey they may
have three or four different note-taking
apps on the phone and you know you can
help yourself stand out a little bit
exactly you know let people know who you
are take the take the opportunity to
brand yourself a little so okay so now
we have a menu button that is not
shameful in that it actually does
something but it is a little shameful in
the way that it does it so first off
check out the design guide on the ax
developer.android.com / design site and
it'll tell you what the right way to
build icons for you men you are spoilers
they are gray scale they are flat so all
of these which have colors and and sort
of non sort of flat you know styling
look weird like to me this just looks
wrong because they're the wrong color
and some reason all of the writing is in
caps which I can't you know really
understand why said yeah I mean all of
this is summarizing the developer design
site so basically just check that out
and you'll want to modify these so that
they're consistent anything which is
part of the system frameworks are
bringing up menus or action bars or
anything like that you want it to look
like the system does you know you don't
want to break users out of this thing
we're now I'm looking at this going I'll
wait that doesn't look like I expected
save button should be redundant so you
should build in something here to make
sure that you can never lose data so I
don't want to have to hit menu save
every time I change something to make
sure I don't lose it if my phone turns
off or if I exit the app or something or
if you get a phone call I get a phone
call exactly how are we you know suck if
you lose your content that's right if
every time I type something I mean for
this in particular you're talking about
text so it's not a huge amount of data
you're not going to have sort of a huge
lag from having to save things so yeah
definitely make save happen
automatically let's have a look but also
again what text on me every time you see
things in caps it's like shouting it's
the same as email right so stop shouting
at me so we got to text speech share
share share loads the the standard share
intense berries nice absolutely let's
have a look look good but let's go back
without explicitly hitting safe and see
what happens I have to discern it you're
gonna go back out of this so you sure
you don't quit without saving your text
note no but that's just disrupts the
workflow exactly i just want to hit back
and go back so this this should be a
like a at the first point i'd say why
don't you just let me save it here like
do you want to say just what you wants
to quit me oh I have an implicit no but
yes it's exactly right Fred like have it
implicit I hate dialogues almost as much
as I hate exit buttons so I don't want
to have this dialogue asked me to make a
decision I just the reason I hit back
was because I'm about to get you know
into the car and drive off I don't want
to have to decide on this dialogue so
make it go away and save it
automatically even before I hit exit the
hit I look sure the back button should
always do something so that should at
this point dismiss this dialogue heading
back and having nothing changes just not
right at all so going to say yes let's
have a quick look through these because
where we've spent far too much time on
this already so this looks like drawing
which is nice it would be nice if this
supported multi-touch which it doesn't
right now so that's something to
consider so it's again same same general
feed
because last time although this time
you've got the let the camera try and
refocus but you've got the the text here
for the menu items here is lower case
except if you go into more and then it's
up though it's correct here but from the
other manual from the previous mean it
was all closed all caps so this is the
right approach but again you've got some
issues with the actual icons and again
with the saving as well audio notes i'm
going to presume is going to let us
record something ok so we're going to
record something here stop play don't
know if you guys could hear that but it
played it back so that's nice again here
we have some inconsistency so you're
using sort of the standard buttons where
is everything else you've got your own
custom UI so I'd modify this to try and
use that same approach and same here
you've got save and open on screen and
the other items there in the menus again
sort of choose one way and go with that
maybe one no shame alright so it's a
quick look through these so you got
diary which is just a specific and to-do
list which look like they just sort of
specifically implementations all right
we're gonna have a look at the other
ones as well cuz we do want to actually
do more than one app so that was
interesting so that the general feel
there was trying to build a Notes app
which looks like your notepad that you
would have and in paper now I have a gap
here and sorry Ian oh yeah Rita um I
just want to let you know that I know I
have a camera too nice yeah and also
that on the live stream there's several
people commenting that not only is the
focus on our little overhead webcam
really annoying and yair lessons um it
would help if you moved it to the middle
but it would help actually even more if
you could switch over to your tablet if
any of these support tablet especially
since we love tablets so much that's a
good point um and then we could get a
really clean victor nice we shall do
exactly that now that you are on camera
people can decide for themselves whether
the previously stated adjective is
appropriate or not it's not true ok
awesome thank you for that for that
feedback so um ok so I have a gap here
in the middle and that is for an app
called tote notes which we've got
take a look at but I couldn't because it
was not supported by any of the devices
that I currently use now that is a
fairly strong comment because I own a
lot of devices I think the only device
which I could find on the list which I
have ever used was the t-mobile galaxy
nexus all of the tablets the verizon
version of the galaxy nexus wasn't
supported so i'm not sure exactly what
you guys are doing to her to filter
which apps are available but i think
you've gone a little bit far so
generally speaking this is something
which we try and encourage people to
find out to try and make sure that that
list of devices where your app isn't
available is as small as possible or to
put it in slightly more positive terms
make your app is available on as many
different devices as you can look at the
permissions look at the implied users
features missions are going to use and
then make sure that that's not blocking
out too much of your potential audience
all right let's up i justjust want to
add that if the developer of note is
online you know feel free to join us I
would be very curious to find out the
motivation behind it yeah absolutely let
us know if you're even aware of this or
if you dislike I don't get many
downloads and I don't know why you have
too many downloads too many dollars a
ple limit exactly um this might be good
time to mention two other things reto
your your radio should be on the table
we get every now and then you'll just a
few light will get a little bit of audio
every once in a while I'll testicular
yeah I'll just ck laid more often than
not you guys just can't see it so camera
um the other thing is a or on your sign
needs to be tilted a little bit it's
don't reflect uh yeah right oh wow we
get it completely what if I work hard
yeah yeah yeah yeahs work on it but
there you go no we're from it we are on
their professional it's fun believable
it is truly unbelievable have style
professional william of production staff
some interns you get fired of course
should we don't have any interns working
on this so that's going to make it a
hard choice sister who is going to be
let's have a look what if what do we got
next on on your home screen is not yeah
let's switch to the tablets fire up
out let's go all right it pops up a dial
a keyboard immediately and it's got an
overall light themed this is a bar with
a text typing area that you can input
your text yeah very sparse very spun
kind of the opposite approach to that
last step in there there's nothing on
screen and even the action bar is sort
of like gray backgrounds around white so
I'm going to start typing something
dismiss my keyboard you know it takes
nothing babe this is my test okay this
is my test and on the X on the right
hand side of the action bar there are a
few menu items but based on the design
of the menu items they are kind of like
the contrast it's not apparent to me
that oh you have a plus sign and folder
icon i would recommend increasing a
contrast of these icons and bass and
possibly based on the design guidelines
i like the fact that you've tried to
keep it as unobtrusive as possible and
you obviously use low contrast for that
reason but if it is an action if it is
something you want people to do i think
maybe a little bit more right you have a
look I want to check one thing so good
so they've got the other propagate
accessibility accessibility hints nice
we measured if I turn on voice appointed
would talk to me I would expect so yeah
yeah that's pretty awesome job so nicely
there's an overflow menu they I think
they appropriately hot hit the about and
export hmm menu items in the overflow
menu so there's something I noticed when
you first when you first loaded it up it
said that you had to hit this to save so
this is my so you have to save it once
and then it'll auto saves that's that's
interesting there's two problems I have
with that first of all that's not what
this icon does so if you look at sort of
our again out design guidelines for
navigation this button should take you
to the to the home and the m-audio
exactly and once your once your home you
are you shouldn't that basically that
bottom should then become inactive you
shouldn't do anything it certainly
shouldn't pop up a dialogue so I would
say of it if its associated with the
safe action and race should really
belong to the right-hand side of
action bar where you know where
typically people put you know any action
related items yeah and I got a step I go
Cindy I go a step further and say that
what you probably want to do is soo do
we have touch-enabled we do so i would i
would make this a touch target for
clicking so that you click on that and
it may actually work no so you click on
that and that will let you modify the
title I'm saving yeah saving should just
happened so this is the same as the
previous appt you shouldn't have to
explicitly do something in order to
start saving your work you should just
start saving it straight away yeah
initially this this you know tax or
stream should process you know untitled
or something non-title one done title to
right so in same way that like text
paddle notepad works in that yeah
definitely definitely and change it
change this to your app icon which
brings you to the back to the home
screen so what happens so so i guess if
we hit plus I'm sorry I justing sorry i
just hit back and I'll exit attack too
because I was wondering I was nothing
like this sorry so I was looking at this
and i was wondering to myself okay how
do i get a list of all of my notes
because i know plus is going to let me
add a new note so now i have two notes
so how do i view them i'm guessing maybe
folder so you're hitting the folder
bottom shows me a list now particularly
on tablets I feel like that should be
something which we can have on the sides
we have a list of all of our notes and
in list view on the side and then
whichever one we're currently working on
appearing next to it rather than having
them as two separate it's trying to read
up on fragments absolutely right
absolutely not now as far as how you
would do that for a for a phone I would
probably have this as your home screen
so I like the idea of the first time you
open it when you have no notes of
opening it to sort of that screen where
you can start typing straight away once
you have multiple notes so it would be
nice to be able to return to a home
screen which had that list so that
you're able to choose from and for me
intuitively hitting back from any
particular note should take you to that
list of yeah definitely now on the
folder screen I would say you know the
implementation of the this button is
it's appropriate because you have an up
affordance where you bring it back to
the sort of but hierarchically this
should be kind of any other way around
you go back up
make sense exactly supposedly this is
the topmost level of your application
yeah so indeed so that's what what I
think we would suggest is that you
switch these around so that when you're
in a particular note you have the UH
performance over here and then once you
hit back then you have this which just
becomes your home screen right so be
interesting to know you know why you
went or the way that you did but that's
you know I think that's our general
guidance in terms of navigation yeah
also I would go back to the note editing
screen i would say looking at this
folder icon intuitively it doesn't
really tell me that okay it would bring
me to the list of notes rather i thought
when i first looked at it it would open
up previous note the previous notes
rather than listing of all available
notes it's interesting say i saw it and
thought to myself this will let me tag
or file this note in a particular folder
all right yeah so ambiguity is not your
friend all right let's move on real
quick let's have a look at at the next
step which is papyrus which i think you
having a look at earlier today all right
let's read through have you read through
their license absolutely and I might
accept yes all right cool yes all right
is always sensible what oyen what just
bothered or don't let that legal guy in
driven lawyer um so yeah I mean you this
is interesting first launch you're
greeted by welcome to papyrus and a
bunch of overlaid instructions which
tends to be a pretty popular way of
showing to your users you know how do
you have exactly to use your abs
although a lot of the icons illustrated
here are sort of make sense to me right
so you have any intuitive but it's nice
to have that there I'd right off the bat
I think that's great so you can just
slide through it so you can change
colors do the arrays nice to pick it up
so the only this is this is all quite
nicely the only thing which i would say
here is it would be nice to be able to
skip this entirely so it's like I've
used this before I've installed it on a
different device I don't need to go
through it all so having a close or
dismiss button next to you yeah at every
stage I think might be quite nice
got like five five to six different
steps yeah so it would be good hey
what's new what's new so this is
interesting like I I see where you're
coming from here but i think this even
on a tablet but any sort of mobile
devices it's kind of annoying like I
know you guys have worked really hard to
build these new features but it's just
another button that I have to press
before I can start using the app right
now and chances are in you know in
Google Play right you have a place where
you can put you know what's new exactly
so use that take advantage of that so by
all means have it as an overflow button
item or something but you'll notice here
that we just want to get to this app so
that we can you know talk a little bit
about it in the two minutes we have
remaining and I think so far we've had
to swipe or press like seven or eight
times don't have an active pan so this
is the the layout that we were talking
about beforehand with sort of your your
tablet layout with your list on the left
and and your items on the right it's got
three top level items where you can get
your notebook so a notebook is a
collection of notes yay ok I understand
it and so they've used sort of the more
traditional more traditional but like
the first up we looked at sort of this
notepad styling so that we can start to
itunes it draw also snowing one so just
draw a stuff whoa it's interesting two
fingers faster that's letting you zoom
and as soon yeah yeah but that's
interested in this forget different
color draw something else no I think I
have a vague recollection so you zoom in
if I go right okay I thought maybe it
was going to know oh fancy recognition
but no more mellow exactly exactly
alright so as far as title of the of the
notes I think this app has implemented
what we just suggest exactly where you
know initially here there's no name
associated with this note wait if you
type on it you can type you can input
the name of the note i hope i spelled it
wrong like spread it right okay yes so
we got on the menu share page settings
it's going to quickly check to see if
share works the way we want it to work
down
and close them and they have the up
affordance here which brings you back to
the main screen of the application with
screenshot with a screenshot of the disk
when I so we can start things which shop
it's odd list so that's yeah that's all
that's all pretty good yeah I'd like to
compliment also the developer has not
implemented dragon oh nice drag-and-drop
that's but a dragon workouts to file
very nice oh it's a drag-and-drop was
first introduced I believe in honeycomb
it says yeah but I so far I haven't seen
a lot of apps taking advantage of it
yeah so it's as much thank you can see
them using it we we are running out of
time and I want to make sure we have
enough time for Dan and Ian to get
prepared for the Friday review of games
i think the the last thing i would like
to mention about this app is i think the
the the the only real problem so i liked
the layout I like the style like the
navigation the only real problem I had
is that to get started to get that first
note written I had to keep tapping a
hundred different things you know I had
to get through the tutorial I had to get
through what's new I decide I didn't
have an activesync pen had to then hit
you note book and which I had to give a
name to then hid new note which I had to
give a name to so by the time we
actually get to typing something the
first time i'm bored and i just want to
go and do something what you're saying
is that there are impatient users out
there yeah that's me and I'm represented
in too in fact you know the the notepad
app that I use on my computer is always
the simplest one available on the system
notepad tax pad I just want to be able
to hit the icon have it start really
really quickly and start typing
something and not even have to hit say
so that's kind of the experience that
I'm looking for and all of the other
things here are a great bonus but you
want to have that ability to just write
something really really quickly but I
don't know what do you think so in
summary I think this is probably my
favorite of the three oh yeah definitely
yeah yeah sing very cool so nicely done
papyrus um good piece of work into the
other two apps as well definitely you
know no shame there are some nice
implementations and certainly some
different approaches but hopefully some
of the advice we've given will help
to tighten it up a little bit and create
something even better all right if you
want add that's all well good perfect
all right so next week we're going to be
looking at news apps so if you if you
have an app that delivers the news
please put it into the moderator page
and we will go through and handpick a
selection which we think would be
interesting to look at and talk about
that's great so we'll sign off for today
oh wait in yeah well I was just going to
say why don't you tell the people at
home what what they can do to put their
apps in the moderator what they can do
oh of course thank you in how do they do
it very discreet so but so once you find
the link and you go to the appropriate
moderator page and you find the the
appropriate category which is going to
be bye week what I want you to do then
is put in a brief description of your
app but most importantly and I think
this is what even was very subtly
alluding to we need to have a link to
the app in placed in the google play
store and we also would like you to
include a link to your Google+ profile
so that can be the one of the developers
designers or if you've got a plus page
for your app so much the better we want
to try and make sure that the developers
of all of these apps get a chance to to
join us in these hangouts and discuss
their apps and receive their feedback
one two one so we need a way to be able
to get in touch and schedule those are
those hangouts with you yes right those
those moderator pages are open now and
they will close the wednesday before the
Friday review so that we have a couple
days to look at the look at the apps
before we could convict thank you very
much in all right so there's going to be
more of e in just a few minutes so we're
going to sign off and we'll see you next
week next friday at one o'clock when
we're looking at news apps all right
thank you for joining time
you